[DOC] Clarify that `UseKRaft` being GA does not mean you have to use KRaft (#10172)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gate-releases.adoc

  It is now permanently enabled and cannot be disabled.
* The `KafkaNodePools` feature gate moved to GA stage in Strimzi 0.41.
  It is now permanently enabled and cannot be disabled.
  To use the Kafka Node Pool resources, you still need to use the `strimzi.io/node-pools: enabled` annotation on the `Kafka` custom resources.
* The `UnidirectionalTopicOperator` feature gate moved to GA stage in Strimzi 0.41.
  It is now permanently enabled and cannot be disabled.
* The `UseKRaft` feature gate moved to GA stage in Strimzi 0.42.
  It is now permanently enabled and cannot be disabled.

>   To use KRaft (ZooKeeper-less Apache Kafka), you still need to use the `strimzi.io/kraft: enabled` annotation on the `Kafka` custom resources or migrate from an existing ZooKeeper-based cluster using the `strimzi.io/kraft: migration` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To use KRaft (ZooKeeper-less Apache Kafka), you still need to use the `strimzi.io/kraft: enabled` annotation on the `Kafka` custom resources or start the migration from an existing ZooKeeper-based cluster by using the `strimzi.io/kraft: migration` annotation and following the procedure.
```

I am making this suggestion because the `migration` value will just start the migration, but the next phase will still be applying the `enabled` value.

Author: This is the exact text you wanted to have in the CHANGELOG 😉

Reviewer: maybe we should update the CHANGELOG as well then ;-)

Author: I updated it and just left the migration reference generic without mentioning any specific annotation.
